feat: Hybrid mode reference (#785)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/gateway/hybrid-mode.md

These plugins don't support the `cluster` strategy/policy in hybrid mode. One of 
the `local` or `redis` strategies/policies must be used instead.
* [**GraphQL Rate Limiting Advanced**](/plugins/graphql-rate-limiting-advanced/):
This plugins doesn't support the `cluster` strategy in hybrid mode. The `redis` 
strategy must be used instead.
* [**OAuth 2.0 Authentication**](/plugins/oauth2/): This plugin is not
compatible with hybrid mode. For its regular workflow, the plugin needs to both
generate and delete tokens, and commit those changes to the database, which is
not possible with CP/DP separation.

### Custom plugins

Custom plugins (either your own plugins or third-party plugins that are not
shipped with {{site.base_gateway}}) need to be installed on both the control plane and the data
plane in hybrid mode.

### Consumer groups
The ability to scope plugins to consumer groups was added in {{site.base_gateway}} version 3.4. Running a mixed-version {{site.base_gateway}} cluster (3.4 control plane, and <=3.3 data planes) is not supported when using consumer group scoped plugins. 

### Load balancing

> Currently, there is no automated load balancing for connections between the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no automated load balancing for connections between the
```

control plane and the data plane. You can load balance manually by using
multiple control planes and redirecting the traffic using a TCP proxy.

> ## Readonly Status API endpoints on data plane
> 
> Several readonly endpoints from the Admin API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Read-only Status API endpoints on data plane

Several read-only endpoints from the Admin API
```

are exposed to the [Status API](/gateway/configuration/#status_listen) on data planes, including the following:

- `GET /upstreams/{upstream}/targets/`
- `GET /upstreams/{upstream}/health/`
- `GET /upstreams/{upstream}/targets/all/`
- `GET /upstreams/{upstream}/targets/{target}`

See [Upstream objects](/api/gateway/admin-ee/#/operations/list-upstream) in the Admin API documentation for more information about the

> endpoints.

Reviewer: Should we link to both specs here, konnect and admin ee?

## Hybrid mode with Kubernetes 

You can run {{site.base_gateway}} on Kubernetes in hybrid mode with or without the [{{site.kic_product_name}}](/kic/). This uses Kubernetes as a runtime for your data planes. 

Running {{site.base_gateway}} in hybrid mode is commonly referred to as "Kong _on_ Kubernetes". Running {{site.base_gateway}} with {{ site.kic_product_name }} is commonly referred to as "Kong _for_ Kubernetes", as it provides a Kubernetes native way of configuring Kong entities using {{ site.kic_product_name }}. Configuring Kong on Kubernetes is identical to deploying {{site.base_gateway}} running on a virtual machine or bare metal.

Configuring a hybrid mode deployment with {{ site.kic_product_name }} should only be used in a small set of circumstances. We recommend using hybrid mode *without* {{ site.kic_product_name }}, or [DB-less mode](/gateway/db-less-mode/) with {{ site.kic_product_name }}, unless you've been otherwise advised by a member of the Kong team.

For the full Kubernetes hybrid mode documentation, see
[hybrid mode](https://github.com/Kong/charts/blob/main/charts/kong/README.md#hybrid-mode)

> in the `kong/charts` repository.

Author: @mheap I added a k8s section to this hybrid mode page. I pulled some of the content from the [k8s deployment topologies reference page](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/production/deployment-topologies/kubernetes/) we already have. My thinking is that I expose the kubernetes info on this page and the db less page, and then call it out on the deployment topologies landing page and call that existing kubernetes page migrated. Thoughts?
